guys welcome to ITV and as you can see
we have two not one but two go find
seven is here to demonstrate one of the
key features that uh Paul have been
talking to us about and that feature is
the book charging yep so Opel claims
that with book charging which comes with
its own huge charger in comparison with
the normal charge a small charge at the
scale go over claims that through this
charger you can charge a flat battery
zero percent until seventy five percent
in just half an hour so now that we have
two units we decided to put it to the
test will charge both of these finds are
is which has been completely drain our
battery yep it counts John you can see
it's vibrating but it's not on and also
it's 0% battery at the moment I will
charge one unit with a book charger one
with just the normal like no plug
solution you see it's nothing special
it's not booked it's just a regular one
so what we're going to do is we are
going to plug both of these charges in
plug both the phone in to set a timer or
maybe a stopwatch for half an hour I
will shoot them both on at the same time
and then you'll see how it goes after
half an hour for both the book and the
non book so there's a ready charge in
half an hour alright right now alright
so let's put this in alright so book on
that side mumble on my side okay so we
don't switch on the thing first let's
plug it in home okay let's plug it in
first
so non-book pain on hooks but then okay
folks back in all right all right time I
had to stop and press the time or
address number one to do tree so both
the things John the same time we're
going to put this behind here so you can
see the time no see the bad thing is the
book adapter is pretty big so look there
you go low battery you can we can
actually see no battery nests on the non
book side but there is an upper boot
screen on the upper side and it's
actually charging this is the battery is
too low charges for a while charge for a
while before it hours on and that's a 29
seconds in so when this goes off we are
actually going to switch it on to and
open up the battery that she was the
cognitive and energy say the power
management thing so we can know exactly
how much battery it has as it goes so
you can see it on in real time
always reach that station this has
already started up there
okay so that so as you can see that has
started up already but this hasn't mr.
Kashani
so this still can't stitch on so we
thought you could switch on by you can't
at the moment so yeah just have the
marker looks
jesús - so we just have to do both so
it's it's four minutes in at the moment
and this has stopped displaying the
cartridge on screen so we're going to
try and switch it on because we know
this one can switch on already
okay all right so let's just - right
right up let me okay I felt like
vibration but that's not doing anything
okay so this is going on so you guys
there's this one now
we are now gonna know Punk's passcodes
so as you can see the one the bung has
the book on has ten eleven percent
battery and the normal one only has one
percent and we are about six minutes in
we're going to leave it and we're going
to see how far we go in about half an
hour ish and we'll come back
meanwhile we have fun we won't cut away
so that you don't think that we are
doing something dodgy so we're just
gonna like fast forward okay
and we are back at 35 minutes so the
five minutes for unknown audio region
cfpb i-35 gets left so as you can see it
is 22 to 33 which is big difference
that's crazy
as you can see this is the one if you
remember this is the one that we charged
with book charging is easy yeah
and this is the one where normal yep
now the mention of micro USB charger yep
as you can see as a 50% difference in
the same period of time
yep of course it doesn't look like 75%
the 75% mark hasn't been hit at 30
minutes anyway about 35 minutes later
you get some 574 each percent and even
then it looks like I would rather get
this book charging than this look at
this yeah it's such a huge difference at
30 minutes you know I'm in a pinch this
is awesome
so you can see that it was pretty cool
concept in detail to look at this guy
this graph versus this guy so it's no
like no contest no contest unfortunately
you can't um you can't get this in a
power bank cause the output I guess
output in the cable so therefore that's
the hope you feel folk charging anyway
is anything new well if you consider
this it's not really that hot it's
really much actually about the same the
difference is of course the charger is a
little bit longer than the normal one
movie but at the end of the day this is
something I feel every Fortuner you know
because this will half an hour and you
get like Kosovo I really hope that this
is the future of smart america and you
know what up about it right this time
perfect so thanks for watching guys if
you like this video don't forget to
subscribe to live
trust like you know what complete
comment the comment section below please
share this video it will you know anyone
who likes if wanted by Apple phone and
who's also used by you know who you
really like this like all like judging
thing yeah so like I'll see you soon
yeah
you